9:30 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. I just
mark out the high and the low of the
first 5minute candle. After that, I'm
just going to drop the one minute chart
and wait. What I'm waiting for is a fair
value gap through one of these levels.
And once I see this gap, I just enter on
the next candle. My stop goes to the
first candle that closed outside the
range. And my target is a fixed 2:1
riskreward. It's easy. It's boring, but
it works. Let's find out if it's true.
Looks quant here. And we also have view
chart window open on GBP JPY. We're
going to need two scripts. an indicator.
Play what we're building and we're going
to need a strategy script to back test
it. So, we'll start with the indicator.
I want
an indicator. Our entire prompt. It's a
lot, but it's just being very detailed.
Pretty much just describing this 5
minute candle within that market open.
All right, we now have our code. We'll
just go ahead and copy that. Head over
to Trading View. Open Pine Editor. Paste
that. Go back here. And you can see so
we have that five minute projection. Now
the next major part of the strategy
we're waiting for a breakout fair value
gap to form for price to come back into
that fair value gap the high or low
breakout candle as a stop loss and two
times stop loss for the take profit.
Back into the chart I now need you to so
we have our updated indicator and now we
can see that the first candle breakout
of this range is now being highlighted.
We have the fair value gap that's being
detected within the range also being
highlighted which is exactly what we
want. So now we just need to set up our
entries. So here's our third prompt.
We're going to make sure that we're only
seeing fair value gaps that form during
or after the breakout and plots the
risk-to-reward using the initial
breakout candle as the stop-loss level
and two times stop loss for the takerit.
I'm also going to add in a filter
determine how long we should wait before
the setup happens. We'll send that off
to the build.
>> All right, we have our update the code.
We'll just copy this. head back up
trading view.
>> So, we're going to wait a maximum of 20
bars after the breakout. We have a risk
reward control here. Here we have the
breakout fair value gap that formed.
Retested it right here. Use the low of
the breakout candle for a stop-loss
and that was a losing trade. Now, I'm
not going to go ahead and scroll the
entire chart trying to manually back
test all of this. Convert this into a
strategy script. And we're just going to
do a a back test over a full year. vert
strategy script. Going to copy this
code. Head back over here and I'm not
going to update this code. What I'm
actually going to do is I'm going to
create a new strategy script. Paste this
and add the strategy script. So, as you
can see, we took that exact same entry.
I'm just going to go ahead and run this
back test over the last 365 days.
And as you can see, this strategy does
not work. Just to be clear, this the
setup is fine. It's just a matter that
the setup will not work in isolation.
Maybe I missed something. You want to
try this yourself? Comment the word
quant and we'll send you a link.